README.md, before:

# Open-IPMA
Open Source Android IPMA weather app

<img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_184951_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256"> <img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_185009_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256"> <img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_185027_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256">

# Privacy policy

This is the privacy policy for Weather - open-ipma - App

* Your data is your own - none of this data will be shared with other parties without your consent.

* No data is automatically collected and sent by the apps by default. Weather App does not send any data unless the user has specifically configured the app to do so. Any data that is uploaded is kept securely.

## Permissions

The apps use several permissions which are required for Weather to work correctly - this includes GPS data, WiFi access (for 
connecting to WiFi adapters).

## Libraries
* Kotlin
* Android Support Libs
* Constraint Layout
* Dagger 2
* Retrofit
* Retrofit Coroutines Adapter
* Lifecycle
* Play Services Location
* Firebase
* Crashlytics

Commit message:

Added download links for app

README.md, after:

# Open-IPMA
Open Source Android IPMA weather app.

<img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_184951_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256"> <img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_185009_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256"> <img src="https://github.com/dfloureiro/open-ipma/blob/master/screenshots/Screenshot_20190724_185027_com.dfl.openipma.jpg" width="256">

Download it at [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dfl.openipma) or [Aptoide](https://weather-dfloureiro.en.aptoide.com).

# Privacy policy

This is the privacy policy for Weather Open-IPMA app

* Your data is your own - none of this data will be shared with other parties without your consent.

* No data is automatically collected and sent by the apps by default. Weather App does not send any data unless the user has specifically configured the app to do so. Any data that is uploaded is kept securely.

## Permissions

The apps use several permissions which are required for Weather to work correctly - this includes GPS data, WiFi access (for 
connecting to WiFi adapters).

## Libraries
* Kotlin
* Android Support Libs
* Constraint Layout
* Dagger 2
* Retrofit
* Retrofit Coroutines Adapter
* Lifecycle
* Play Services Location
* Firebase
* Crashlytics
